Obviously this screen right now isn't dead useful and they offer.
I'll now go to that text which I used as a dummy and replace it with let's say start a new game something
like dead and below this I want to have an input area with a slight drop shadow so this typical card
look you might know from some apps and websites where you have a box with a slight drop shadow behind
it maybe some rounded corners.
I want to recreate that here so I'll add a view here a view because again that is a very flexible element
we can apply a lot of styles there we can add our shadow and our rounded corners there and then hold
our content in that view.
So that's great for having the general styling of the container and now inside of that view I want to
have a text where we say select a number for example and where we then also want to have a text field
where users can enter something.
So there.
I'll add a text input component which is that built in component where users can use the keyboard to
to enter a value and here they should enter a number well configured is installed as in a second for
now I'll just drop it in like that and below that I want to have two buttons sit next to each other.
And that's important.
Next to Java not below each other which allow us to reset the input and choose a new one or convert
and the chosen one so we need a view here because that allows us to position items next to each other
whereas these items are positioned above each other then because if I would just add two buttons here
then I would have to change this views flex direction to have them next to each other but then the text
and text input would all be sitting next to each other.
So now I'll add a view here so that in this view the surrounding view this this and this view component
are sitting above each other.
So on the vertical axis but instead of this view I can now also make sure that the items in there then
sit next to each other so in the horizontal axis and that's what I want here.
So I'll import the built in button which is one of the view components that automatically adjusts itself
to the underlying platform later in the separate module you will learn how you manually can find out
on which platform you're running to adjust the look and feel of your app to that.
Here will go with the built in button and give the first one a title of reset and the second one.
The second button here a title of confirm.
And then here on Press will at the moment do nothing so that's just an empty function just adding it
so that we have the prop already there.
Will add logic later.
For now we'll just have to buttons here.
Now the styling will be missing though as I said the buttons should be sitting next to each other.
Hence I'll give this view here which holds the buttons a style pointing at the styles object and their
let's say a button container.
This name as always is totally up to you.
And I also want to give this view which holds my inputs a style here referring to the styles object
and I'll use to let's say input container this name of course is all up to you.
And this year I want you styled as like a special title maybe with a bigger font size.
So you're all assigned a style of title let's say.
Now we can go down there in our styles you can add the title add the input container and also add the
button container and now we can start adding some styles stair now for the title.
Again I want to set the font size it's all set font size like this.
Set it to let's say 20 and maybe all add some spacing on the vertical axis with margin vertical of let's
say 10 10 like this and always keep in mind margin vertical basically replaces margin bottom end margin
top and now on to the button container and I'll come back to the input container in a second.
The button container will get a flex direction.
All wrote the DFL this column but now I want to have item sit next to each other.
So we need to use Roe here.
I want to set a width here because if we don't set a width on the button container it would just be
as wide as the two buttons are together.
Instead I want to use the width of the parent solve this view here and then position the buttons inside
of this view.
So I want to do the opposite not style the view according to the buttons but position do buttons according
to The View.
So I'll give the button container this view and explicit with here and now to position the buttons in
there.
We can use justified content to position them along the main axis which for Flex directory row is left
to right and there I'll choose space between some of the buttons sit on the left and right edge of this
row and distribute all the available free space between them all the add a little bit of padding horizontal
here though so that we have some spacing to the left and right instead of our view maybe 15 so that
the buttons don't actually sit directly on the edges on the left and right.
But there is some spacing out on the left and right OK.
So with that if we save this we see that.
Which I don't know about you but which doesn't look that great does it.
No the problem is that the input container has no styles yet they input container holds all the inputs
though which is why the stylings dare look a bit off.
So we should give the input container some styling and there I want to add a width and you can now use
a hardcoded width of let's say 300 pixels or use a width and percentage.
Now all add with your all three hundred but also add a max width of 80 percent so that we have 300 pixels
width.
But if the device would be too small so that's a little bit of responsiveness which I add here already.
If the device would be too small we make sure that our width doesn't exceed 80 percent and then I want
to align the items in the center.
Keep in mind the input container is a view therefore it uses flex box.
It uses the default of flex direction column and therefore with a line item center we position items
in the center on the cross axis which is left to right.
So we center items horizontally now with that.
Now it is looks way better.
Konrad you see the input but that's the old thing right.
We'll have to style it so that we can really see it we see the buttons though and we can see that our
general layout and styling is taking some shape.
Still I'm not 100 percent happy about the look of this yet.